Suggest to use `_` prefix for stubs-only types (#1005)
python/typing: docs/source/stubs.rst

  from typing import Protocol

  class _Readable(Protocol):
      def read(self) -> str: ...

  def get_reader() -> _Readable: ...

Structural Types
----------------

As seen in the example with ``_Readable`` in the previous section, a common use
of stub-only objects is to model types that are best described by their
structure. These objects are called protocols [#pep544]_, and it is encouraged
to use them freely to describe simple structural types.

> It is recommended to use ``_`` prefix for stubs-only objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use a ``_`` prefix for stubs-only objects.
```

Or:

```suggestion
It is recommended to prefix stubs-only objects with ``_``.
```

structure. These objects are called protocols [#pep544]_, and it is encouraged
to use them freely to describe simple structural types.

> It is recommended to prefix stubs-only objects with ``_``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to prefix stubs-only object names with ``_``.
```

Sorry for that. :)

Author: Thank you! 👍
